[DOC-124] Admin API (#56)
Ed-Fi-Alliance-OSS/ed-fi-alliance-oss.github.io: docs/reference/3-admin-api/installation/admin-api-2x-for-odsapi-7x/admin-api-2x-docker-installation.md

# Admin API 2.x - Docker installation

**Contents:**

*   [Before You Install](#before-you-install)
    *   [Compatibility & Supported ODS / API Versions](#compatibility-supported-ods-api-versions)
*   [Installation Instructions](#installation-instructions)
    *   [General Prerequisites](#general-prerequisites)
*   [Installation Instructions](#installation-instructions)
    *   [1\. Include Admin API in the ODS Docker Setup](#1-include-admin-api-in-the-ods-docker-setup)
    *   [2\. Relaunch the Docker Composition](#2-relaunch-the-docker-composition)
    *   [3\. Execute First-Time Configuration](#3-execute-first-time-configuration)

# Before You Install

This section provides general information you should review before installing the Ed-Fi ODS / API Admin API for v2.2.0.

## Compatibility & Supported ODS / API Versions

This version of the Admin API has been tested and can be installed for use with Ed-Fi ODS / API v7.1. See the [Ed-Fi Technology Version Index](https://edfi.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/ETKB/pages/20875717/Ed-Fi+Technology+Version+Index) for more details.

# Installation Instructions

## General Prerequisites

The following are required to install the Admin API:

> *   The Admin API provides an interface to administer an Ed-Fi ODS / API. Understandably, you must have an instance of the Ed-Fi ODS / API v7.1 deployed and operational before you can use the Admin API. Tested configurations include on-premises installation via [binary installation](https://edfi.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/ODSAPIS3V520/pages/25100419/Getting+Started+-+Binary+Installation) or [source code installation](https://edfi.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/ODSAPIS3V520/pages/25100348/Getting+Started+-+Source+Code+Installation). 

Reviewer: This page is for Admin API 2, but the link is to ODS/API 5.2. Opportunity to correct that now:

```suggestion
*   The Admin API provides an interface to administer an Ed-Fi ODS / API. Understandably, you must have an instance of the Ed-Fi ODS / API v7.1 deployed and operational before you can use the Admin API. Tested configurations include on-premises installation via [binary installation](/reference/ods-api/getting-started/binary-installation/) or [source code installation](/reference/ods-api/getting-started/source-code-installation/). 
```

#### Admin API Application

Docker compose

> [!NOTE]
> ![](https://edfi.atlassian.net/wiki/images/icons/grey_arrow_down.png)
> 
> Single-Tenant
> 
> ```
> This service depends on the `pb-admin` and subsequently `db-admin` services to run.  
> # ... above are other services adminapi: image: edfialliance/ods-admin-api:${ADMIN_API_TAG} environment: ADMIN_POSTGRES_HOST: pb-admin POSTGRES_PORT: "${PGBOUNCER_LISTEN_PORT:-6432}" POSTGRES_USER: "${POSTGRES_USER}" POSTGRES_PASSWORD: "${POSTGRES_PASSWORD}" DATABASEENGINE: "PostgreSql" AUTHORITY: ${AUTHORITY} ISSUER_URL: ${ISSUER_URL} SIGNING_KEY: ${SIGNING_KEY} ADMIN_API_VIRTUAL_NAME: ${ADMIN_API_VIRTUAL_NAME:-adminapi} API_INTERNAL_URL: ${API_INTERNAL_URL} AppSettings__DefaultPageSizeOffset: ${PAGING_OFFSET:-0} AppSettings__DefaultPageSizeLimit: ${PAGING_LIMIT:-25} volumes: - ../../Docker/ssl:/ssl/ depends_on: - pb-admin restart: always hostname: ${ADMIN_API_VIRTUAL_NAME:-adminapi} container_name: adminapi healthcheck: test: $$ADMIN_API_HEALTHCHECK_TEST start_period: "60s" retries: 3 # ... below are network and volume configs

> > ```

Reviewer: Ooh, something bad happened to the formatting here. I think this is supposed to be YAML, but the line breaks were lost in translation.
